good the subject that we are going to see today are
the roller coasters and I'll tell you
how they work and I'll explain
several subjects of physics to the tenth grade
that are reflected in how the
roller coasters use only one engine in
the beginning of his journey to be able
reach the height indicated for
then start the adventure that is not to say
uses no mechanical mechanism to
help complete the trajectory this
it's because the principle of
operation of roller coasters
based on the law of conservation of
energy in this case said energies the
Kinetic energy in potential energy
the kinetic energy is that which is
present in every movement is the
movement energy while greater
be this is to say the greater the
Higher speed will be kinetic energy
that this body has, on the other hand, the
Potential energy refers to the energy
positioning in this case it
will use the potential energy
and as it says its name refers the
energy around your position in
good gravity relation I'm going to
talk about the newton lists that you
come reflected in the roller coaster I'm going to
talk about the first law of grandchildren
that the law of motion that says that
an object at rest will remain in
rest until a balanced force
be applied to the resistance that
the object presents to change its
state of movement is known as
inertia the inertia of the object depends
in its mass
in a roller coaster all are manifested
Newton's laws in the first law
the objects in this case the passengers
with the safety seats will keep
its course in a straight line at a speed
constant until a force the
stop when the roller coaster is
found on a low or a turn
steep the seats provide that strength
from here released
pushing the bodies from the
passengers passengers will feel
momentarily heavier this strength
it's called positive g force
the second law of newton says that a
strength does not balance applied
an object is proportional to the mass and the
acceleration of it
He says
it is equal to more
the acceleration of a produced object
by a force is directly
proportional to the magnitude of the force
in the same direction as the force
and proportional to the mass of the object
gravitational energy is what it does
that the roller coasters in the
exciting when the car goes up the
first hill of the mountain
the gravitational energy as it increases and
when I had the car in the back
hills begin
to go down
the force the gravitational force what
It is that the car accelerates the majority
gravitational carriage on the mountain
it becomes kinetic energy when
it leaves behind the first hill and
the mountain when the car goes up
second hill its kinetic energy is
converted back into energy
and gravitational
Newton's third law says that for every
action there is a reaction of an equal
magnitude and direction but in sense
otherwise this means that in each
interaction there are a couple of forces
acting the two objects that interact
each other in the second and the third
newton's law in the descents of the
roller coasters the force g that doubles
what makes us feel that we think
more if it were not for the extensive study of
the forces that are so exact everything
could end in a catastrophe for a
millisecond error in the mountains
Russian forces are also manifested
Negative g when a part approaches
high of the roller coaster there are lower
pressure between the body and the seat the
brain interprets this as loss of
weight
movement circular movement
circular is present the mountains
Russians in their gears and in
acrobatics they perform to study a
movement like this is necessary
define the velocity vector must be
know its module or magnitude the
direction of the velocity vector which is the
straight tangent to the trajectory in the
point that the particle occupies in the
instant considered and its meaning is the
move the particle in that instant
the sense of direction and vector
speed change constantly since
they vary the direction and sense of
tangent to the curve a body will move
according to a curve path always and
when the acceleration existing in the
body has a component
perpendicular to the direction of
movement
this acceleration perpendicular to the
speed is called acceleration
centripetal and is always directed towards
the center of the trajectory is
acceleration also
usually called acceleration
radial or normal acceleration because it has
the radius direction of the curvature
of the trajectory at the given point and
point towards the center of the curves
now I'm going to talk about the energy of
the roller coasters the two most
important in relation
roller coaster its potential energy and the
kinetic energy the potential energy is
the energy that a body has
depending on its height with respect to
ground
in the car of a roller coaster is
initially dragged by an engine and
a chain system on top of the
first fall receiving for it a
large amount of potential energy
kinetic guide is the energy that possesses a
object according to its movement to
perform a job under its mass
and at its speed all the objects that are
move they have a large amount
determined kinetic energy the amount
of such energy depends so much on the
mass as the speed of the object a
Russian roller car has a lot of energy
kinetic the one that has one since it has
much mass and moves very fast in
general the kinetic energy of a
passenger reaches its maximum value in the
lowest height of the travel in a
roller coaster the potential energy is
quickly transformed into energy
kinetics at the time of the fall and the
inverse in the next moment when
reaches again the next hill